[Applause]
pretty soon is a it needs to be
kicked in the ball set I don't think
anyone deserves to be kicked in the
balls at Minnesota taxes I think that
you should take these violent thoughts
and place your energy somewhere a little
more productive well it's an ace at
rocky a load of tight boat yon next but
everybody's entitled to their own
opinions I'm not really mad at that now
that at the real Eve is all post-racial
and trying to raise colorblind babies
does she still had those paw prints on
her yep he's a lesbian a toddler ex-con
or push your tea if you're still rocking
Bray's this year yes I still have my
braids they're never going anywhere and
they're not gonna grow it's fine just
when you think maybe the world is gonna
be okay
Big Sean comes out with a new piece of
song I feel like Remy Ma physically
fights her beats like she can't rap on
beat to save her life
Remy Ma also physically fights people
that talk on Twitter like oh come on I
wish I could make music like Rachel
Marie to make millions of dollars for it
I mean give it a try Addison that looks
like his own cousin to be honest I went
yo deejay Khaled focus all getting your
fat ass in shape God you can't inspire
people to be great when you haven't seen
it in years
imagine a power but then that power
takes it
that's what trippy red looks like our
Creator has a small penis with no real
talent whatsoever
aquafina has the voice of a 58 year old
divorce attorney bet I know
logic is the worst rapper of all time
Paula Deen can rap better ya husband has
dead daddy's hair looks like liquorice
and his teeth looks like Eminem's he
looks like a complete I just
farted and it smells like Wally's entire
discography must be eating curry goat ty
dolla sign looks like the crab for mo
Ana the guided Foley they so beat all
his songs count as a do wait Lil Wayne
is what happens when you pour for local
on a gremlin
hey what happened to t-pain there's
still a massive market for
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hi I'm Judy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos